 All right. It's my pleasure to introduce the next panel, which will be speaking on AI and DAOs, AI and Smart Contracts, Agency of AIs. We have Yav Mucnik from Launch Legal. We have Kevin Denman from Edge and Node and a Systems Integration Specialist. We have Jordan Teague from Teague Campbell and many other awesome things that she's done, many of which you know but are plenty to list. I'll introduce the panel real quick. Go at them, introduce themselves a little more to give a little context of what they do and why we're talking about this. Then we'll jump into a little bit of what the prospects of AI and DAOs are. Please take it away, Yav. Just a little introduction. I'm local. I'm here in Denver from a small boutique firm that specializes in corporate securities. We also do a lot of cooperative work. We wrapped Sporkdow. I know a lot of people aren't fans of their membership agreement or terms and conditions, but you can blame me. Based on wonderful recommendations, we're modifying that. We're very community-oriented as far as feedback. So it's meant to be for the community. And then also, Opolis and the Employment Commons, which is also based here in Denver. Go ahead, Barla. Hi, everybody. I'm Kevin Denman. I work at Edge and Node on the graph. I'm our head of business development and partnerships. I have some AI experience in the sense that I was working on data analytics platforms before Bitcoin, when everyone was talking about natural language processing of big data. And I'm sure everyone remembers the big data years. That was when I was implementing those solutions. So I've always been working in technology. My blockchain experience has always been strategy and growth. So working with GCs as a counterpart has been part of my day-to-day. I worked in the Cosmos ecosystem for a few years, and now I'm excited to build out the graph. The graph is an interesting intersection for AI and DAOs in the sense that index data is relevant. Hey, Jordan Teague with the law firm Campbell Teague, and also serve as general counsel for the graph foundation. So Kevin and I are a graph fan. So I have been coding ever since I was eight years old, and I actually got into crypto law through learning solidity. I started engaging with the tech that way. And so I'm just very interested in everything at the intersection of law and technology. And DAOs and AI is certainly no exception to that. Yeah, thank you very much. I know all of us engage with AI on some level, and there's a lot of hope of what it may be and fear of what it may be, and maybe we can talk a little bit about anything that you've seen so far in DAOs and AI, or in particular whether AI agents can operate in DAOs and how you see any of that governance working from a smart contract harness or from expanding the utility and the functionality of the social governance through utilization of AI. I guess I can get it started, since I've still got the mic. So that was a big question. I'll try to unpack that. So I believe it was the developer of the Ocean Protocol. I was actually blogging about AI and DAOs back in 2016. So this was a long time ago, eight years ago. And he presented three different models of how AI and DAOs could interact. One was where AI is kind of at the center governing the smart contract parameters, and people are engaging with that. Another was where AIs were engaging with a dumb contract, which of course is a smart contract, but they're dumb as we all know. And then the third is AIs just collaborating with each other. So I think that's at least three different ways that AIs could participate as agents in DAOs broadly, but I'll pass the mic off to these guys to add some more color. Just from a governance perspective, I think it's really interesting to explore delegation, using AI agents for delegation and voting. Meta governance has a lot of possibilities for DAOs that are able to actually employ the AI in a way that builds that network effect. So I'm curious to see how that plays out. Obviously it's like super early days, and we haven't seen that yet. But I think theoretically that could be amazing and really kind of fulfill the core purpose of the DAO. I think DAOs and AIs are both kind of doing similar things right now. They're searching for agency. I think we talk about AI agents, but then how much agency do they actually have in the world today? Similar to DAOs, do DAOs have personhood rights or are they packed in wrappers? I think most of them are packed in wrappers. So I think I'm interested to see the AI use cases emerge that are practical and value-added to DAOs, helping them coordinate, helping them do work in a messy DAO landscape. So I like to look at how AIs can help with managing the kind of coordination tasks that are more difficult in a decentralized environment. How can AIs help kind of create order in a somewhat chaotic environment? How can AIs process the data and help DAO members, stakeholders, kind of understand what's going on? I saw that Grock is going to be reading all of the big mammoth bills that Congress passes, that nobody can read or understand what's going on. I thought that was an interesting piece of news that when we look at DAOs and the body of work that they are leaving behind or making proposals, I think that AIs can do a really... they can address the use case of synthesizing and helping with the communication layer on top of DAOs. I'll just add to that. I think that there's so much possibility for UX and really the interaction, things that come between incentives and interaction in terms of long-term and just being able to cooperate on an international basis stemming from natural language and being able to modify synthesized DAO proposals to actually language, whether you're speaking Russian, Ukrainian, whatever it is. I think there's so much possibility there and discerning between AI models that are used for the actual UX and then those that are for the purposes of governance. So, yeah, lots of possibilities. Another question is, if you're looking at, from a legal perspective, a problem that DAOs interact with a lot, which is bookkeeping, compliance, and reporting, even transparency, not necessarily against the state, maybe in a new, meta-legal environment. What are ways where that is, as far as I possible now, and what's the future hope of that, maybe from a data perspective and in just general use? Sure. I'm going to try to hang on to part of that question. I think it was just the challenges that DAOs face with compliance and legal risk. So, I think, when we think about DAOs in AI, we are going to probably see even more lack of clarity in who is responsible for what's going on and our last fireside chat kind of touched on that a little bit. But not only do we now have a number of DAO participants collaborating on a result and we don't really know who should be responsible for a bad outcome, we now have people who have elected to use perhaps an AI algorithm to achieve a certain result. And so, I think there's going to be even murkier questions of who should be accountable for what happens. I mean, AI allows you to at least trace decision-making in a new way. I don't think we're there yet, again, but you can actually sort of siphon out how that decision came to be. Jordan made me think of an interesting idea where if you combine DAOs in AI, you can actually create an unstoppable and an unstoppable DAO that has AI agents sort of at its core. And when it comes to holding that DAO accountable, it just kind of exists. The AIs are having agency in the world. Maybe they're pulling resources together. Maybe they're deploying resources. They're doing functions that a corporation perhaps could do, but there are no people involved at all. And I think that could be the kind of just playing it out to the extreme. What is a DAO that is completely run by AI agents? Maybe doing some narrow tasks that only AI agents can do. How does the world interface with an entity like that? Maybe they're managing a fleet of autonomous vehicles. You have a fleet of autonomous vehicles. It's capitalized. It's functional. It drives around. It charges people for rides. It does all of the things, but it just exists. It's just this entity that works, and maybe there aren't people at all involved in that. And if there are people involved, maybe they're just doing the bare minimum to give the AI, DAO, legal personhood and meat space, which I think ties right back to the board topic that we talked about earlier. Yeah, and I guess maybe on the converse side of not AI agents within DAOs, what is the prospect of decentralized governance? Being able to limit what AI can do, run AI protocols, do AI moderation? Is that fully integrated with AI agents in a DAO moderating in AI? Is there any clarity that you see and how that can develop? I think it absolutely could be, and I think it could look a lot like protocol governance looks today. And I know that whether a protocol is upgradable or not, it can be a spicy topic, but just talking about the ones that are and where a DAO governs certain parameters, I think that you can imagine DAO governance in AI being very similar. There it is. It's that easy. And I guess maybe going back to a little bit about MeadowX and multisig, we've talked a lot about how you can differentiate decentralized versus centralized portions of a DAO, how that can be a bore, can be stuck in a jurisdiction. Does AI allow more on the decentralized side or more in the split side or more within the multisig? I mean, is it a multiplier of potential of the decentralized side kind of in the same way you're saying? For the same reasons you're concerned about not knowing the agency and who caused whatever negative outcome or who was responsible, is that something that tends toward allowing a larger portion of a DAO to be decentralized? I think yes, for a lot of reasons. I'll take one and then pass the mic, and that would be increasing governance participation. So we all know that DAOs are notorious for having low participation, and if there were quorum requirements like there are in corporations, basically nothing would ever get done ever because none of the people show up. So you can imagine AI helping to solve this problem by giving people the option to delegate their vote to their AI agent of choice, and obviously revoke that delegation if they felt that the AI had gone rogue. Perhaps that AI is governed by another DAO if we want to take it that far. But I think that's one example of how it could multiply the effects of decentralization by actually increasing participation, because of course, it doesn't matter how decentralized you are if one or two people are making all the decisions at the end of the day. When I read the paper last year on Borgs, I was really excited that work was being done to capture the nuances of entity formation in the blockchain space. I think a need for a hybrid solution is very pressing. A lot of binary thinking, kind of full DAO without any jurisdiction versus let's just set up an LLC and call it a DAO, but not a lot of work going into a hybrid model that actually focuses on the needs and the use cases and tailoring that to the clients that are trying to set up a project. I think in the context of a Borg, I think that AI will naturally get implemented more often on the decentralized DAO side of Borgs and less so on the meat space entity side of it. I think it's kind of an implementation reason really. The DAOs are software smart contracts that are implemented and AIs are also software implementations. So when you think about the solution architecture of something like that, the integration of two technologies will naturally be easier to implement and we'll be able to see the value of that and have it accelerate through a lot of iterations and experimentation much faster than perhaps the more traditional legal entities that are kind of the nuts and bolts that enable an entity to exist in a jurisdiction, but not necessarily exciting from a software development experimentation standpoint. Well, just back in the excitement around potential security kind of infrastructure that can be built into governance as well and just the ability to thwart attacks and takeovers. I know I was speaking to a DAO, a Mollok DAO that had gone dormant and A non came in and cleared its treasury. So I think AI is going to be able to help us insulate against things like that so we can modify the smart contract that increases the quorum requirement or just kind of automatically senses and identifies abnormal activity in the governance structure. I'm not going to say literally the opposite thing of what I said a minute ago, which is AI could actually increase centralization risks too for the same reason that I mentioned. So if you imagine that a bunch of people are delegating their votes to the same AI agent, then that AI agent's flavor of voting is going to be pretty strong, right? It's going to have a strong effect and that may be fine or it may not be if that AI algorithm is inherently biased against certain people or certain things or certain outcomes and we don't think that's a good idea. So you can go either way. Absolutely. One last question of mine and then I'll open it up. I'll say, you know, do you see, I certainly foresee from some stuff that I was done looking toward, is there a hope for AI in dispute resolution within DAOs and how does that simplify some of the considerations of the governance of DAOs and can that be integrated kind of in doubt in crypto space dispute resolution rather than pure meat space? So I'm not a lawyer. So dispute resolution is, you know, forgive me for any missteps here, but I think that just the concept of arbitration, like when I are so many court cases are settled out of court, right? There's arbitration. There are folks that play this intermediary role and they kind of understand the case law and the precedent and they're able to more efficiently make decisions so that the judge doesn't have to go through every single case that's not an efficient use of resources and legal system. So I think that this same concept is very relevant when we think about the role that AI's can play in dispute resolution. They can understand the, you know, smart, the contracts on both sides and they can make a decision and then they can have the proper authority delegated to them to make those decisions. So I think that that line of thinking makes a ton of sense. AI's are kind of their sole purpose, not sole purpose, but one of the big purposes is to make things more efficient, to do things at scale that humans can't do. When arbitration in our existing court system is kind of a small example of that without AI's involved. I guess just the enforceability of awards that are just on chain I guess is something to consider as well and whether you can build that into the arbitration agreement. Any questions from the audience? So we talked a lot about agency, maybe a separate panel for this, but I think one of the other AI trends that have been interesting on kind of a current on is a lot of decentralized AI computing. I know Vitalik's mentioned being interested in BitTensor and some other things. You guys have general thoughts about that. A lot of the things I've seen from lawyers have been mostly on agency and less so on how decentralized networks powering AI might play into that. I feel like it's a little bit more interesting in some ways because it seems like it's a less explorers design space. I love that question. I feel like it was a tee up for the graph. One of the core devs in our ecosystem, Semiotic Labs, they received a grant from the foundation over four years ago I believe. And so thinking about how the data indexed by the graph protocol could be utilized in the AI space is something that we've been thinking about for a long time before chat GPT. And it's really exciting to me to look at decentralized physical infrastructure, whether it's indexing, compute other forms of decentralized physical infrastructure and how they can be used to train models, but also run models enabling the inference side of LLMs to happen and all of that in between. The graph as an ecosystem and Semiotic Labs playing a large role in this is really interested in enabling the training side of LLMs, opening up access to all of the data that's indexed and enabling this critical component of training LLMs to happen in a more open, permissionless way. I think it's concerning that a lot of the entities that have the best training operations are a combination of monopolistic Web 2 companies combined with Web 2 applications that have proprietary data corpuses. That's a very dangerous combination to me. And so I'm very excited for the opportunity that decentralized infrastructure across all components of the architecture that's required to train, deploy and interact with a model. I'd like to see that paradigm shift into decentralized infrastructure. Semiotic Labs. I believe their website is Semiotic Labs. Semiotic.io. Yeah, Sam Green, he's great. He's actually giving a talk during this talk. Alright, with no other questions, I think we can wrap up if you want. That works for you. Thank you all.