 Next up, we will have Gabriel Shapiro, known to many as Lex Nod, and Jason Schwartz, crypto tax guy. I will try and stay more out of this one and let it be more of a fireside chat, but if you want me to hop in, just let me know. Thank you very much. I suppose we should start with brief intros. I think I personally know most of the people in this room, but I'm Gabriel Shapiro. I was a pretty mainstream corporate M&A attorney for the first half of my career, about seven years. Did a lot of buy side tech mergers and acquisitions, and even dealt with some shareholder activism stuff, which may come up in this conversation. For the last seven years, I've been a crypto lawyer. I've had private practice in that context. I've been general counsel of a couple different projects. Most recently, I founded a project called Medalex that I'll tell you guys a bit about. Yeah. Yeah, I'm Jason Schwartz, tax partner and co-ed of Digital Assets at Free Frank, which is a Wall Street law firm. Been involved in crypto for the last several years. CryptoTaxCy.ethan, Twitter, and Warpcast. One of the most legendary NFT collectors, I would say. An NFT collector, yeah. I guess we're supposed to talk about Borgs. For those of you who don't know, and Jason here helped develop the idea of Borgs. A lot of people did. It's been an open thought process. Really what Borgs stand for is cybernetic organizations. The idea behind this, some of the things I think that on the last panel were referred to as DAOs, I would actually call Borgs. I have no problem with people calling them DAOs. I would call SporkDAO a Borg, for example. The reason why is that just the term DAO has become used very, very widely. It refers to things as disparate as a geopolitical, sort of illegal thing like MakerDAO and something as legally structured and, frankly, state approved as SporkDAO, which is literally a legal entity in Colorado with legal agreements and indemnification clauses and contracts that you have to sign and things like that. So we're going to use the term DAO in this talk probably more narrowly than you might have heard it otherwise. And it's not to say that these other things aren't DAOs or to have some debate about that, but it's just, you know, it's more easy to be precise in a conversation when terms have narrower meanings, right? And if you go back through the history of how the term DAO rose, it actually originally came from a paper by Stan Larimer, who I think is related to Dan Larimer, but not actually the same person. And he wrote a paper called Bitcoin as a Decentralized Autonomous Corporation. So actually the very first notion of a DAO, somewhat counterintuitively, was of Bitcoin itself, right? And his notion was that it's essentially a type of robot that, you know, it's like a robot corporation, right? The Bitcoin are kind of like shares in the entity, right? And it pays people with its own shares much like a corporation can incentivize employees with shares, right? And then, you know, Vitalik sort of expanded that to DAO, right? So it's more these protocol DAOs, but then, you know, as they were discussing within the last panel, there are a lot of somewhat more centralized things that are either similar to DAOs in various ways, or they are deeply related and important to DAOs, what I would call DAO adjacent, right? You know, so really any legal entity like SparkDAO, like MetaCartel VenturesDAO, that, you know, these are LLCs that use smart contracts, I describe this as a BORK, right? It's a legal entity. It has contracts. It has rules that matter. You have to sign things. You have to know what the terms are. But it is highly, highly augmented with autonomous technologies, especially smart contracts, right? So that means that in the documents of that entity, it will say, hey, if you want to vote in this entity, you got to go on chain and do a specific transaction with a specific smart contract. If you want to own shares in this entity, that means you have control of such and such token, right? Things of that sort, right? And that's what makes it a BORK. And there are really two types of BORKS. One is what I would call BizBORKS. These are just kind of like a venture, you know, like a venture quote unquote DAO, a venture company that uses a lot of smart contract technology. I would call that a BizBORK. It's not serving some other broader DAO. It's serving itself and its own members, but it is augmented with smart contract technology. And then the other type of BORK, which I find more interesting at the moment, are DAO adjacent BORKS. And this would refer to situations like when a DAO funds a grants council, you know, that may be elected by the DAO, and that grants council has its own entity. It could be any type of entity. It could be a foundation entity, whatever. And that entity, loosely speaking, is supposed to be accountable to or serving the interests of that DAO in some way. So that would be a DAO adjacent BORK, right? And we think that, you know, there are kind of two legal philosophies around where DAOs could head. One is the philosophy of, look, these DAOs look a lot like companies, right? They're running businesses. They're hiring and firing people, right? You know, they're doing all these things. They're making revenues. Sometimes they're basically building up diversified, on-chain treasuries that look a lot like hedge funds. And so lawyers have a heart attack at that, right? And they say, this needs to pay taxes. This needs to comply with regulations. It's essentially a business, right? And so if you are running a DAO like that, then inevitably the legal evolution of DAOs is going to be wrapping them all in some entity that is declared by the state as compliant. And in my personal opinion, that's going to be a slippery slope to every single DAO token holder getting KYC'd AML for everything, right? And there are some major players in the space who are pushing for this sort of philosophy, like A16Z, you know, has really been advocating for these entities should be, these DAOs should be some sort of nonprofit entity, perhaps a Wyoming LLC or a Vermont LLC or things of this sort. And then I think there's this other idea that really these DAOs should be global, international, not bound by the law of any particular nation state, in a sense, cyber and archaic, if you will. And how do we do that without having everyone go to jail? Well, in my opinion, it's to take out everything that looks like a business and put it into these adjacent entities. But don't just trust the people running those entities. That would be very bad, right? Instead, have a check and balance dynamic between these entities where the DAO retains power through a combination of two mechanisms. Number one, to the maximum extent possible, use smart contract-based mechanisms. So for example, this can mean that if a very large expenditure were to that, it would mean that the entity has to hold its funds in a particular multi-sig, that that multi-sig connects back to the DAO. And from there, you can play, it's a whole design space, but an example would be, OK, if a particularly large funds transfer is proposed by this multi-sig, there's a time lock on it, and the DAO has the opportunity to veto. That's just a very simple example. So you can have these on-chain checks and balances. And in addition to that, because you indeed cannot deposit people into smart contracts, there is always the potential for people to do abuses. They have conflicts of interest. They can also hide things. They can do end runs around things. I mean, I was in one DAO that basically just a couple people were more on top of it than others. It approved a giant funding thing to an adjacent multi-sig, and they just started running it out of there. So it completely bypassed a lot of the processes of the DAO. And this can easily happen. So in addition, you need some legal rules. I mean, that is a tool we can still use for trust reduction. We don't only have to use the tech. So for example, you could have embedded in the rules of the entity that they can only approve grants that actually do benefit that particular DAO, or that they can't give grants to themselves. And if they were to, now, the important part is not just having those rules, but having an enforcement mechanism for those rules that flows back to the DAO. So some entities these days are really actually a lot like smart contracts. Cayman's foundations are completely ownerless entities. That once you spin up the rules, there's really no one who can actually change those rules, depending on how they're could be close to immutable. And so you can have, for example, a role within that legal entity that says, hey, if the DAO passes a vote appointing like an emergency supervisor who thinks that people in the entity broke the rules and the board broke the rules, they're empowered by law to sue them and to hold them accountable and to prove out that claim. Perhaps to remove them, perhaps to replace them, et cetera. So this is the design space. It's a hybrid code law design space. That's why I call it cybernetic. And I think there's kind of a grander vision it feeds into. Maybe we'll get to that at the end. But I think for Jason, Jason is a tax expert. And I think he also pushes back in his area against the idea of like, oh, yeah, obviously all these DAOs are just like corporations that need to pay taxes and stuff. So maybe you can speak to that. Yeah, it's interesting. I mean, before I start, do you have an example other than Bitcoin of a DAO? You know, Curved DAO I think is one of the best ones, right? Because it really, it's close to immutable. They have an emergency multisig, but it really can't change much. So I think that's one of the best examples I know. I think MakerDAO is quite good as well. And they actually have things like Borgs, right? Like real world asset wrappers that hold some of the collateral and stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. So let's take a step back and just go to sort of basic principles of taxation. If Gabe and I decide to create a multisig, and we're both signers and we fund it with ETH, and we decide to go out and make investments together, that's an entity for tax purposes. Just plain and simple. There's just no question, right? And by not wrapping ourselves in an entity, we're doing ourselves a disservice, right? Because we have unlimited liability and we don't have any sort of contractual arrangement that can govern disputes. So some court is going to just make stuff up if we do end up having a dispute. And part of the issue is that we're both in the same jurisdiction. So we're clearly governed by US law, right? Now, if you expand it to, I don't know, 20 people all over the world, it's actually a difficult question, right? I mean, I know you try to create this dichotomy, but it's not entirely clear to me sort of where the line can be fuzzy, right? Maybe 20 people all located in each located in a different country collectively governing a multi-sig in a democratic way. Like, maybe they don't need to be wrapped and that's sort of sufficient decentralization, they can sort of rely on software. I'm not sure what the IRS would say. I mean, typically under US tax law, a joint venture for profit among anyone is an entity. So that might very well be a partnership, in which case under partnership principles, every US person is required to include in income currently their share of the partnership's income, even if never distributed, even if they can't get a distribution, kind of a disaster. And in that case, like if you have US people, they might prefer to wrap the entity, for example, as a corporation or something. They might want to actually plan into entity treatment to protect themselves both sort of from a corporate context, from like a liability. And they can pick a lower tax jurisdiction. And they can pick a lower tax jurisdiction. Obviously, there's some anti-deferral rules that they have to think about, but there might, with sort of smaller organizations that call themselves DAOs, there might be a lot to think about. When you get into sort of like, these like massive DAOs, like protocol DAOs, I tend to like very much agree that it makes sense to say, okay, we're gonna separate the business from the voting arrangement. A mere voting arrangement in and of itself is not an entity, it's not a joint venture for profit, but the business that it's conducting is, right? So you might as well sort of plan into how that business is treated for tax purposes. And we're heading into, I think blockchain design has evolved toward modularity, and so I think kind of what we're proposing here is a similar thing, right? You're gonna have crypto specific regulations all over the world. They're gonna be different from each other. There's no grand unification coming. The US will still have its own anti-syncratic approach. It's not gonna pass something like Mika anytime soon, right? And so you may have to have a DAO adjacent entity that is licensed as a vaspe in the Caymans, right? And is licensed as a casp in France, right? To do some of the more manual types of things, because there always are manual things, or even if it's just like the DAO wants to create an easy effort to onboard institutions, but institutions need a counterparty to contract with. Okay, you're gonna need an entity with that, right? And that entity's gonna need to be probably licensed to take in the funds and transmit them to another place. So there's a lot of these things, and so if you start thinking about this all on a spectrum of real DAOs here, and they're kind of pure, and they're not a function of nation states, and on the other end, these cybernetically enhanced companies that can be all over the place, the DAOs can create them, the DAOs can terminate them, the DAOs can give them assets, the DAOs can yank assets back, all these things in a complex check and balance arrangement, you get to something where I think you can preserve a lot of the cyber-anarchy type of vision, but while keeping people out of jail, and I think also reducing trust in people, because a lot of people abuse their authorities if you just give them a bunch of money and hope that they do the right thing, right? Now, let's like, I sort of wanna like continue with an analogy because sorry, this is just sort of like a free-willing conversation, so. But like, let's take like a, like some kind of liquidity pool, right? Like an AMM, you know, liquidity pool. I just said that a joint venture for profit is an entity for tax purposes, and like, it very well might be that like a liquidity pool as a result is an entity for US tax purposes. So like, how do you deal with that, I guess? I would say, just, you know, from a US tax perspective, that would not be something that you'd wanna like wrap because it actually creates more problems than it solves. And like, I'd actually, obviously we have no law from the IRS. We have a 2014 statement from the IRS that tokens are property. Great, what kind of property? But I also think that, you know, there's some sort of pragmatism to think about here. So let's like go down the route for a second and like bear with me if this gets a little esoteric. I'll try to not get too taxy. But so a joint venture for profit is an entity. Let's say like, okay, a liquidity pool kind of looks like an entity. People are putting in stuff in exchange for, you know, a fractional interest in the pool, and the pool is doing, you know, automatic things that like a, you know, a dealer might do in the meat space and earning fees and those fees in your to the LPs, right? So they kind of look like shareholders. The next question is where is the entity organized? That's actually the next question in tax law. And no one knows, right? It's not organized anywhere. So if it were, if it is, the words are actually created or organized. If it's created or organized in the United States, it's a U.S. entity, potentially a U.S. corporation that owes U.S. corporate tax. Obvious disaster, but also like completely inadministrable from the IRS's perspective. I actually happen to think that they like don't want that answer because it's just kind of an embarrassing answer for them. You know, unless they sort of pursue the CFTCs like Uggidao, you know, theory that everyone is jointly and separately liable. But that like, that's just like not good tax administration. I also think that they would have a lot of trouble concluding that, you know, a liquidity pool is created or organized in the United States because it really, you know, it really emerges from the individual actions of each individual LP. So it's a, you know, it's a foreign entity. And then the question is, okay, is it a partnership or a corp? That's a lot harder, right? Like, like if it's a partnership, you say, okay. So as a result, each U.S. person has to sort of look through the tokens and include their share of like everything that's going on, which is, you know, it's kind of, is possible, but like really, really hard. I, however, I won't like really get into it, but there are these rules called the publicly traded partnership rules where if you have partnership interests that are regularly tradable, which like clearly anything on chain is, and the partnership earns too much so-called active income, like, you know, income other than interest and dividends, and fee income is clearly active income, then that partnership actually just becomes a corporation. You default to corporation. And I actually think that's like the best results. Like, so we have a good legal argument in tax land, at least in U.S. tax line, where you say like, okay, liquidity pool is by default a foreign corporation. And as a result, U.S. people, when they like swap their, you know, liquidity for an LP token, just have a taxable event, because they're getting like stock in a foreign corporation, and when they swap back, they have a taxable event and they don't have current inclusion. And I happen to think that that's sort of like the, the, probably the right answer, for a lot of like sort of truly autonomous dowes that, you know, as a collective, let's say vote on, like, you know, let's say turning on a fee switch or turning off a fee switch, or, you know, as a collective vote on parameters, I think it becomes much, much harder. And Gabe will agree. When you have like a multi-sig doing those things, because in that case, the actions of the multi-sig will be imputed to the dow. So let's say like one of those people in the multi-sigs, you know, one of those signers is a US person. Under US tax law, foreign corporation, our hypothetical Dow or smart contract or whatever, is if someone engages in a US business on its behalf, then that foreign corporation is in a US business and becomes subject to US tax. It's like a disaster, right? So like you don't want the dow, which again, I've just said, the IRS would probably say is a foreign corporation. You don't want it sort of authorizing US people to do stuff for it, right? Because then that actually subjects the dow to corporate tax. And I don't have a legal sort of work around for that. You're just kind of screwed. So like put that stuff into an entity, at least, and then like think hard about, you know, what that entity does. There are ways to, for, you know, once you have a foreign entity, it can contract with developers and pay them an arms length fee, for example, so that, you know, those developers are treated as independent contractors, not as like agents of the entity. There are ways to then sort of mitigate or avoid that US tax. And so, you know, then it becomes a question of, okay, how do you do this easily and scalably, right? And how do you like separate out, you know, it's easy to have one entity. Most guys have one entity. It's kind of like an omnibus foundation, but kind of part of what we're saying here is, it's probably better to separate different functions into different types of entities. They may have different tax situations, as well as securities laws situations and things like that. So you want to separate out the risks. And so that's why, you know, I've developed this project, Medelex, to try to make it easier to spin these things up, right? So, you know, the idea would be to really protocolize all of this by saying, okay, we have a certain, there are a certain number of like types of borgs that people might want to set up, right? One would be like a grants borg that gives out grants related to a DAO. One would be like a security borg that can freeze the contracts, for example, if there's an imminent attack, right? Another one would be some type of real-world assets borg that MakerDAO has a lot of. And even like you could even think of the labs company that's related to a protocol as itself being a borg and talk about instead of, okay, the VCs who bought equity in that company, having all the control, can we add some programmatic checks and balances, even with the development borg and the DAO, right? And I think DYDX has kind of gone a little bit in this direction with turning into a public benefit corporation, right? They don't have an on-chain part of it, but maybe they would have the on-chain part of it if it was super easy, right? So what we've done is basically, we've taken, you know, on Ethereum, we take the standard NOSIS safe, right? And it has already built into that are, what they call modules, which are ways of sort of modifying it's the safe's functionality extrinsically. So we've developed implants, right? And the idea with an implant is that the DAO can come in or really any arbitrary third party, but in our vision, it's gonna be DAOs for the most part, can come in and do things with that multi-sig that override the typical, you know, four, four, six, you know, multi-sig, signer logic, right? So an example of what this empowers on kind of like where it's beneficial for the signers as well, right, is they could, like right now you can't resign from a NOSIS multi-sig, right? If you think about like a corporate board of directors, one of the fundamental things is like, the director can resign at any point, and that's pretty protective of the director. It's also good for the organization because you shouldn't have people who aren't involved anymore or don't wanna be involved anymore stuck in there, right? So, you know, if you have one of these implants, you can actually allow the DAO to remove a signer or you can even allow the signer to remove themselves, right? So it's playing in this design space and you know, basically I hope we can, you know, make DAOs more agile, more effective, more trust minimized, also more compliant, all kind of at the same time by playing in this space and more tax-safe as well. Yeah, more tax-safe. One, now one like caveat, and I hate adding like caveats because it's like, oh, here's the solution, but you still have to worry. Like, so let's say you have a DAO and it effectively controls a board. Right, it can't control it. Yeah, it can't be a mere agent of the DAO. It has to be autonomous, but with some checks and balances. Yeah, exactly. Because otherwise, like let's say, a very, very common legal form for a board would be like a came in non-stock foundation, right? And very, very, very commonly the DAO has control over the director composition of that foundation. Just FY, like this isn't necessarily a problem from a tax perspective, but as an FYI, like notwithstanding that there's no stock legally, US tax law looks at substance over form. So if you can control the directors as a DAO, then the tokens are equity in the came in foundation. So like people should be aware that like by virtue of owning tokens, they own stock in the came in core. And like maybe that's fine, but it is. Depending on the details of how it's set up. But yeah, it shouldn't, so therefore it should not be set up that way, right? It should not be set up so that the DAO, so that the entity is like a mere agent. And you do see that with some of these foundation wrapper arrangements where the DAO can literally like freely remove, elect and appoint directors. And every time the DAO passes a proposal, the directors are then like bound to implement that proposal. That's more like a DAO wrapper, you know, in effect. And it's not probably not what you want to do. Yeah. And it depends on what you're trying to accomplish, but it does raise other questions. Yeah. And so, you know, I think what's like the grander vision here, right? Cause Pally and the last panel asked, you know, where is this going in 10 years, right? And for me, you know, what I envision, right, is that there is a thriving ecosystem of DAOs connected to other DAOs, connected to Borgs, connected to other Borgs, right? They have checks and balances and a combination of legal agreements and on-chain virtual agreements, on-chain packs, so to speak, between them, right? And it's really sort of, where it really is headed in my opinion is basically, you know, Bitcoin separated money from the state. Ethereum, I would say separated finance from institutions and therefore indirectly from the state, since institutions are state regulated. And I think if you really kind of think ahead to where this could all go, what we're actually doing is separating law from the state, right? Because DAOs will essentially be, DAOs or coalitions of DAOs will essentially be sovereigns. And there will be these, you know, sort of, you know, these other entities that are non-sovereign, right? Because they are ultimately accountable to these, you know, these various on-chain sovereignties, right? So what's that? What's this? By sovereign, I mean something that is, you know, essentially extremely resistant to extrinsic exercises of power to the point where essentially other things that also are that have to pay it a large amount of respect, right? What we call in our world diplomatic recognition, right? So that's the idea. And I think, you know, if we've done our job well, that is where that will trend, yeah. Yeah, I tend to agree. I also will say that I think there will be a tremendous number of, you know, sort of just non-compliant. DAOs, right. Well, they're only, they're non-compliant until they're truly sovereign. And then suddenly they just have their own law. So like, interesting, like on, you know, Warpcast, you can just use party doubt to just like create an investment and you know, whatever, right? And those are just, I mean, again, from my perspective, those are probably just partnerships that are not wrapped and therefore kind of, you know, you know, if the members are doxxed, then like all of the things being equal, they're like worse than the Treadfy version. But, you know, it's also possible that like, you know, privacy preserving solutions and just sort of broad distribution of ownership ends up making those things, you know, essentially anti-fragile even though the US would, you know, would argue that they're not. Right, like the US would try to assert that, you know, I'm a partner in this partnership, but like they can't actually like really do anything beyond say, okay, Jason, you have to pay, you have to pay income currently, even if it's not distributed to you, because they can't actually reach the treasury because you know, because ownership is so widely distributed. And I think that's not what you're, you know, what we're talking about in terms of a true doubt, but it sort of works as well. Right, yeah, sort of, I mean, what I actually think, so a law that can't be enforced actually at some point ceases to effectively be a law. So that's kind of my point, right? Like as these things get harder and harder to enforce against, you know, it's not just that they'll be non-compliant. I actually think that like, like an individual, something like an on-chain hedge fund that doesn't wanna comply with US securities laws, what it ultimately will do is like, ally itself with the league of, you know, Ethereum, DAOs or whatever, or some subset of Ethereum DAOs, they will have their own sort of tribunals, their own sort of roles, whether those are formal or based on rough social consensus or otherwise. And again, you see this, right? Like you see like in Osmosis and a lot of Cosmos chains, they're anti-MEV, right? Ethereum is basically like pro-MEV, like so you could sort of, you can sort of see how this is gonna evolve, right? In Ethereum, MEV is kind of like legal, or like some forms of MEV are legal. On Osmosis, MEV effectively is illegal because if you do MEV, there is a very, very strong credible threat that your stake will get socially slashed, right? And so to me, it's a much bigger thing. You could say, oh, it's non-compliant. Yes, it's non-compliant with US law, but we're actually gonna make our own law. That's what I'm trying to say. And it may sound crazy, but I'm, you know, again, after seven years of really digging into this stuff, to me it's like, no, I'm not gonna go negotiate with the boomers on the UCC committee about how a credit protocol is supposed to work. We know how it's supposed to work, and we will set it up the way that we want it, and a bank or something that thinks they have a superior claim to the MakerDAO protocol to a particular user's collateral is not going to be able to do anything about it, and therefore MakerDAO will be sovereign. So that's where I really think this is going, but it can't just be anarchy because we still need it to be fair and stuff, so we are gonna need kind of our own rules. Is it mev-legal or illegal, right? Is keeping the proceeds of a hack or even let's say, even ask the question of what is a hack? How do we decide that? You need something kind of like crypto-native law to decide these issues, and is dispute resolution procedure, et cetera, and I think with Borg's, you know, we can eventually get this type of stuff. Hey, definitionally, so that division is perfect to me, but stepping back to today, one thing I struggled with, I've read the paper, I think you guys delineate between, let's say like your kind of standard, I think I said kind of just, we currently use smart contracts to do things like issue and shares, we can ignore that, and let's talk more about kind of DAO adjacent entities, and one of the things that you guys have talked about is we've got a delineation between agency and an accountability, and that's a delineation that I've struggled with in the sense that historically we've talked about entities working with DAOs, but it's difficult for me to distinguish between an agent, let's say hiring an auditor as an agent of a DAO, and DAO just paying them, versus having somebody that is not necessarily the agent. What do you think is maybe the positive in the board? Yeah, I think the devil's really in the details with that, right, the way I have sort of been describing it is like, the DAO is like a contingent third party beneficiary of the entity, right, like the entity has its own rules that operates independently, but there are certain things that the DAO could do that are such an egregious violation, sorry, that the board could do, that are such an egregious violation of the board's own rules that it's then impacting certain third parties, and they have certain rights, right? That is how Cayman's Foundation's worked, as I learned from our friend Jonathan Ternum in the audience, is that because there are no owners, you have rules, right, the rules are supposed to be followed, but because there are no owners that are sort of the ongoing day-to-day beneficiaries of every single thing they do in the way that shareholders are, there's this role of a supervisor who kind of in the public interest has the ability to enforce the rules, and so you can really use that exact same mechanism for DAOs, I agree, it's sort of a fine line, and you really have to look at the details of how everything works, but that would be the idea, it's in the public interest that these rules of this institution that was set up be followed, and this on-chain smart contract governance system happens to be the method for enforcing that. You should speak to Jonathan, if any of you haven't before, he's... No, seriously, Cayman corporate law, which has been really interesting kind of digging in, it's very flexible and I think well suited to a lot of borgs, so yeah, it's been really interesting learning about it. We've got a space for one or two more questions. Anyone's got a burning one? I'll return the favor here, question for Jason. If you had to advise the IRS on how they should or shouldn't tax DAOs, what's the trick here? Check the box, pass through entity for tax, and no member gets taxed until there's a realized gain or a loss, how do you fix this? It just seems chaotic. Yeah, it's super chaotic. I really like my approach, obviously, I'm biased, but I mean, I think, you know, I think sort of, okay, so again, let's distinguish between small DAOs and big DAOs and then obviously we'll have to determine what's small and what's big, but for big DAOs, for your curves and navies and compounds and unit swaps of the world, I really do think that the best approach and probably the approach that the IRS would be okay with is to just say, they're not looked through and they're not subject to tax and holders have gain or loss on entry and exit. How you get there is really difficult, right? So like legally, there's this concern that the IRS can assert something different, but I think that's the right answer. Now, of course, there's something that can happen that I think the IRS views as obnoxious, I know the IRS views as obnoxious because I've spoken with Treasury officials about this, and that is the fact that a lot of DAOs and a lot of smart contract protocols, again, from a tax perspective, they're essentially the same concepts, they're like deemed entities. They are accruing income, right, into a smart contract that is not being taxed by anyone, by any jurisdiction, and I don't really know how to resolve that. Current law doesn't really resolve that well. So like, you know, I buy like rocket pool leaf, for example, it's far more tax advantageous for me than running my own node because effectively, rather than having current ordinary income, you know, weatherstaking rewards ought to be taxable on a current basis is a topic for another panel, but the IRS says that they are. So rather than having current ordinary income, I get to have deferred long-term capital gains, right? It's like a beautiful thing. And no one is taxed on the income currently, but like the IRS hates that, right? And I don't have a solution. I think the solution honestly is like a legal fix that maybe either requires or enables taxpayers to elect to just mark to market. My solution would be allow creative opt-in review for smart contracts themselves to be legal persons and create a very, very low percentage, flat tax on, you know, revenues into the smart contract that they can pay to the government as a safe harbor. But which government? The, well, whichever government they've opted into with the Nexus to Netflix. Okay. And so if you create, so it's a great thing for whoever creates that Nexus, because they will get a bunch of, they will get a bunch of taxer, right? If they set it up right in. And I think that to me, I'll kind of view it as like, it's always like an inter-sovereign treaty, right? It's like, yeah, you're not gonna get as much out of these ends as you get out of your actual like citizens and your corporations and stuff. You could probably get a little out of them. So it was like a tariff if you were just a little bit nicer. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, right, I was gonna say, you know, like maybe a less, you know, a less sort of, a less difficult, you know, measure to implement would be if they expanded the mark to market roles to allow like mere investors to, so you, sorry, it's US tax law distinguishes between investors and traders and dealers, okay? Traders can elect to mark to market their commodities and securities, but trading is a very high threshold. The reason being that, you know, people who just like trade from, you know, 5 p.m. to 2 a.m. or whatever, like wanted to deduct their office fees, you know, like their rent basically as ordinary deductions and the IRS hates that, right? So they like, the courts and the IRS over time have created this really, really high threshold for being a trader, but like we're all kind of traders, right? Like anyone who's in crypto, you know, as DGEN's enough to kind of feel like a trader, but we just don't satisfy the technical definition. I think that like there ought to be, you know, a lower threshold of some sort for crypto that enables us to mark to market or requires us to mark to market, and then the IRS sort of gets its pound of flesh that way. But, you know. All right guys, let's give it up for these guys. I think, thanks.