 All right, our second to last panel. This is a panel on non-US Dow entities and non-US Dow regulation. It's something that I don't hear too much about going on here, and although it's something that the clients are very interested in, obviously. We have some great expertise on the panel. I will let them introduce themselves because they can do so better than me, and then we can hop into some questions, and I'll start with Paolo. Thank you. So my name is Paolo. I'm from Italy. I am in crypto since four years before I was a lawyer. Before I provided legal advice about privacy, IP, tech, law in general, and now I'm fully in crypto, and I have a number of clients, Italian and international. So that's me. Hey everyone, my name is Adam Miller. I'm not a lawyer, but I've written three laws that have passed in the Marshall Islands, a sovereign country in the South Pacific, long been popular in the shipping industry, and these laws have created a non-profit and for-profit Dow LLC, a legal entity that's made for crypto and especially Dow's. And happy to talk more about it soon. Hi, my name is Jonathan Turnham. I'm a lawyer in the Cayman Islands. I've lived there 11 years, and yes, I pay no income tax. I've spent almost a decade now in this space. Obviously, in the early days, it was crypto funds, which are 90% funds, 10% crypto, but in the last four, five, six, seven years, so alongside probably a third of the people in this room, obviously developed much more on token issuer side of it, foundations, governance. We've done 150, 60-some odd token offerings and 130 foundations. No, they're not all Dow's, but we'll get into that eventually. Yeah, very good. Thank you. And there's plenty of expertise in very specific areas. We'll try and keep it broad, but I do not want to miss out on some of that expertise and some of the opportunities for them to tell you about what they're doing. And maybe to that end, whichever one he wants to start, really, what's a lot of the work you do and a lot of what you see and maybe what clients are coming to you with, maybe both in specific jurisdictional requests or the problems they come with and the opportunity jurisdictions that you understand can present to solve that. I've got the mic. I'll go. Obviously, there's going to be a heavy bias here to the Cayman Islands, given that's where I'm based. We've got an office in BVI as well, but I've got clients that will come to me. Again, sometimes introductions from people in this room or people come to us directly and they say, I want to Dow. Okay, great. Fine. What do you think a Dow is? And they're like, ooh, it's awkward pause and no one quite knows. And then I say to them, I think what you want is to keep a big treasury out of a tax net. They're like, yeah, that's important. We want that. I'm like, okay. Well, that's not actually a Dow. Okay. Well, what else do you want? And I put them through a interview, reverse interview process. I'm like, what the hell are you trying to build here? There's not a one size fits all. Is this for yourselves? Is it for the dev team? Is it for the community? Is it to avoid sort of Twitter criticism from the outside world that you've built a very centralized thing you've described as very decentralized? Where's the pinch points? Where's the pressures? What are you trying to achieve? And then sometimes it is, all right, well, fine. We'll came in foundation can solve these problems. It's good for these elements and there's such flexibility around it. Sometimes it's perfect for one and terrible for the other. Oftentimes clients will come to me and they've got their own ideas of, oh, we want to do this, we want to do that. I've already got a plan. We've already started building some stuff in 15 different jurisdictions. And you're like, well, who's the architect of this? How do we get here? What the hell is going on? The reality is half the time they have no idea. They're like, oh, I just joined the team last month and I'm trying to figure this out as well. Can you help me like, forensically dissect what's going on here? And so sometimes, you know, that's the most important, most interesting days in my job. It's like, just show up. I feel like an ambulance driver. There's just a big train wreck and there's bodies and blood everywhere. And like, is there anything we're salvaging or just like push it into the ditch and start again? And most of my clients, they love that tough love. That first conversation is not just like, hey, nice to meet you. It's like, explain yourself. Don't waste my time. I won't waste yours. We always get way deeper into that first call. But looking at jurisdictions, looking at other options, you know, gaming, gambling doesn't fit well in certain jurisdictions. More anonymous members in certain jurisdictions have better protections around that. Where your community sits and where your focus is, these are all variables you need to cater for. So there certainly isn't one size fits all. And I love it when clients bring other exotic jurisdictions and be like, hey, that's a better option. I'll move to Uzbekistan and be like, yeah, the Uzbekistan Dow genius. I have yet to find something that's consistently better than a lot of the structures that I've built with frankly a lot of the people in this room. It's not simple and it's not easy. I often describe it as sort of the least worst version with a lot of flexibility permissible within that. Thanks. So my company is called MyDow also stands for Marshall Islands Dow. And we have over 100 dowes now that have signed up to set up Dow LLCs in the Marshall Islands. I'm 65 successfully registered so far. And I would say the dowes that usually come to us are coming to us because especially if they decide to go with the Marshall Islands, it's because they're really prioritized two of the key features of the legislation that we've written. One is that you don't have to have any managers, board, officers, no one in that special position of power and liability. So you can have managers if you want, but there's no independent director, nominee, director, no managers whatsoever if you don't want them. The second thing is anonymity for virtually all of the token holders. So our Dow LLC tends to wrap the whole Dow. You don't have to, but often these companies, these Dow LLCs in the operating agreement says everyone who holds the token located on this blockchain at this address is a member of the company. And by acquiring that tokenized membership interest, they become a member of the company. Even in the case of a for-profit, they're owners. In the case of a non-profit, they're just governors, voters, members. And so they're really looking, and so there's still a bit of compliance process. Usually one person has to do KYC or if it's a business KYB and KYC and the ultimate beneficial owners. So there's some other characteristics of the law that are interesting, but I think to the question, just to describe in a little more detail what these Dow's are like that are coming to us, they're mostly startups. They're mostly startup Dow's. We have some bigish protocols like Pith Network signed up recently, but a lot of these Dow's, it's like one to five people that are starting a Dow. They usually haven't even launched their token yet. Sometimes they have. Maybe they have a multi-seg. Usually not even that, but they're launching a Dow. So they start out with an operating agreement. We still use an operating agreement that looks like a traditional LLC. But as soon as they're ready, they amend the operating agreement to include tokens, to include smart contracts that are responsible for taking proposals and counting votes and stuff like that. Thanks. So I will say in Europe, there are a lot of Dow's that are very little, very local. For example, in my city, I live in Rome in Italy, there is a small Dow of maybe 100 developers. And they created, they use a traditional Italian legal entity, which is an association, no profit substantially. So I will say in Europe, the small local Dow's use the traditional legal entity. Now bigger projects like for example backed by a blockchain, they will not use, they will not create a legal entity in Europe. For example, I work with Adam. So one of my clients has been the Iota Foundation, which is a kind of more or less big blockchain with German blockchain. And they decided then to create the Dow in the Marshall Island. So they never considered the idea of creating a Dow in Germany or in Italy or in Switzerland. Now an important thing that I think might be interesting is that in Mika Maika, if you prefer Mika Maika, well, there is a big debate in Mika Maika. Yeah. This new legal framework that the European Union has created about tokens. Now there is a very important rule which says that if a project, if a token is issued by a total decentralized entity, now then it's not obliged to require an authorization under Mika. Because what says Mika that if basically every token which is issued and sold in the European Union requires a previous authorization by the competent financial authority under Mika. And it's not a complex process, but still is a process. You need to spend some money with lawyers and with other stuff. Now there is this rule in Mika, which says that if a project is totally decentralized, now it's exempted by Mika. So which means that you don't have to apply for any authorization, you can simply sell this token into the European Union. Now what it means to be totally decentralized? Nobody knows. It's totally unclear. In the European Union we are waiting that as Maesma said, basically the chief financial agency, financial authority of the European Union will issue in the next months some guidelines about a lot of stuff regarding Mika. So hopefully there will be also some guidelines regarding what it really means to be totally decentralized. But I think this might be an interesting opportunity for the European DAO to issue a token and if they fall within the Mika definition of being totally decentralized, they could really skip the idea of creating a company in Marshall Island or in BBI or in Kain. One more observation which is I would say virtually all of our clients and prospects are at least looking at the Kamin Islands. And usually they are looking at the Kamin sandwich, Kamin and BBI. And often our clients, even if they choose Marshall Islands over the Kamin BBI, they often do have some other company like a Devco or an OpCo. It's often a Delaware C Corp or Delaware LLC or something local to where the founders or the core contributors are. So I think the Marshall Islands option is much newer. It's only been available for a couple of years. I'm sure a lot of people never even look at the Marshall Islands. But virtually everyone that comes to us is also looking at Kamin. Sometimes you hear about Panama, Switzerland. I'd say those are really the only other ones that come close to how often we hear about Kamin. Yeah, thank you. And thank you, Paolo, for covering all of Europe. Well, the other two are only in one jurisdiction each. I'll quickly move to audience questions in a little bit because I think they'll be much more useful and specific to the guests. But I would say maybe in the context of boards and multi-entity or partial entity coverage, what are some things that you're seeing currently happening and potentially happening within your jurisdiction or other that you've seen? I think that's something that we've certainly seen over the last probably two or three years. And I'd just chalk it up as sort of being part of the evolution of the industry, people understanding risk a bit better, people seeing putting all your eggs in one basket is often a bad idea and kind of breaking these things up and trying to build specialized teams. And literally there's about four clients in this room that are going through this process of trying to figure out people's strengths and weaknesses and make sure they sit in the right buckets, right? And to have these things when it suits them work very collaboratively together, but also have that independence and not be reliant on each other and that they've all got their own clear mandate and mission and they're specialized for that. Where a lot of my clients get to is the Cayman structure and again it's a tax-free structure. It tends to often be the default because they just get tired of looking at other options and there's, you know, I'm the net beneficiary of that. I say if you don't like this or it's not working for you a day, a week, a month, a decade down the road, we'll restructure this. We'll fix it. We'll go elsewhere. And I've said that probably 500 times. I've never actually done that. You know, the flexibility that we have in the structure, that doesn't mean that things don't spring up elsewhere. And I think the kind of working on some of the early borgs and even the more advanced ones, that's part of the system, right? By design is these things become more complicated and do more things. The idea that one legal entity or one even one jurisdiction can check all the boxes. You know, I just don't believe in that. I think we're still in the early days of seeing how wide we can go with some of these structures. I'll add too that actually when we're talking to our clients and helping them think through their structure, again, we're not lawyers, but we provide these business services. The most popular page on our website is a page called Dow Corporate Structuring Scenarios. And on that page, it shows how you have your legal entities, right? So let's say it's a Marshall Islands Dow LLC and a Cayman Foundation, right? And you have the protocol, right? And now for us, that's just one box. And when I think about what Gabe talked about earlier, there might be a lot more boxes on this chart, but almost always the protocol is separate from the legal entities in some way, right? Now, maybe one of the entities like the Dow governs the protocol, right? Maybe there's fees that are flowing from the protocol to the Dow or the foundation. And I'd say oftentimes, I'd say maybe the most popular scenario is they use a nonprofit entity, right? A nonprofit Dow LLC, where the protocol is making money and may actually be paying earnings to the token holders directly, but it's not flowing through the legal entity. And so that way the legal entity gets to remain a nonprofit. People, the token holders are still making money, but they're making it directly from the protocol, maybe associated with some kind of staking, maybe just for holding the token. And then, again, beyond that, maybe the nonprofit is also paying a for-profit company for some kind of services. But I think that's already starting to look like, if I understand what a Borg is, you've got four boxes on the chart. You've got the members of the token holders. You've got the protocol or the DAF, maybe multiple smart contracts. You've got a for-profit legal entity and a nonprofit legal entity, all with different purposes. Yes. Yes. I want, maybe it's less famous than Mika, but it's part of the same group of legal texts that the European Union has prepared in the last years. It's a sandbox, basically, for investment funds, for using blockchain for investment funds. So this is a law which is in force. So some investment funds, some big banks, really, are trying to use the blockchain for creating basically investment funds in the blockchain. And I have heard part of a project that I think is interesting, of creating a DAO, basically, in an investment fund so that the investors, all the investors of the investment fund are in a DAO, basically. So that the direction of the investment fund is not given by those who basically are in charge, but at least they receive instructions from the DAO, which represent all the investors. So there might be different approaches. Yeah. And I'll open up to questions. And please appreciate that you are not going to be getting legal advice. Please appreciate that. Especially for me. I think the questions should be in somewhat of a general nature and not specific to your specific project so that everyone can appreciate them. Okay. Oh, sure. Okay. This question, Mr. John, is the DA this take the proposed change? Does it aim that to sit and act? Either current? Is this the prioness that are there? Or that in all of our area, you might hear your speakers. Yeah. I'm not particularly concerned about it, whether the local regulator would like to hear me say this or not, but I have deliberately structured all of my clients to be unregulated. And it's not because they're doing dodgy stuff that I wouldn't be able to explain to the regulator. It's that there is paths where you just look at the nature of the business and you don't fall into it. The changes that they're making are pretty fine tooth comb at this point, so I don't think it's going to impact the industry in a big way. So it's interesting that this is sort of the first round of revisions. They're looking at this. So that's based on market intel, market research, things that are working, things that are not working, complaints put into the regulator, et cetera. So I think it's refreshing to see that they're looking at this and there's some evolution, but in terms of my client book, it's not going to impact it and even the regulated clients. It's not going to be significant. Yes. I was going to talk a little bit about specifically the relationships with regulators and kind of the notion of a potential competition emerging between jurisdictions that are trying to attract either that form or as markets emerge, looking for new assets to come in country, what have been your experiences with it? How do you see that kind of competition amongst jurisdictions playing out? And I'm kind of curious, King then obviously has a long history of having these cases that have nothing to do with crypto. It sounds potentially like a little bit more engaged and wanting to clean in and how do you see those things playing out and where essentially these selling points will emerge? I'll start briefly on that. Came in, like you say, has had obviously a market advantage for 30, 40 plus years. And there's probably some people in this room that understand kind of where that grassroots came from. It was pro investor, pro friendly this. And it would adapt to whatever the market wanted. As a result of that, it's incredibly successful with more legacy clients, investment funds, insurance, family offices, take your pick. That also meant that came in as a jurisdiction didn't feel the need to jump in heavily to try and attract new business. And they were a bit more conservative around it, both in two ways, that when global vast laws came out, they were the first one to bring theirs in. Great. Good for them. It's always been the kind of wider than white to make sure it tries to stay off gray list, black list, take your pick. It also meant that they weren't heavily trying to attract desperately new business because they're like, we'd like to see how this plays out. And I think their position is, and I don't want to sort of tar and feather the Bahamas, but when shit blows up there, the came in regulators are like, we made the right call, we're just going to let this industry mature a little bit. So they've got more to lose because there's a bit of that sort of tall poppy syndrome, right? They've positioned themselves there. They don't have to, I guess, gamble to try and win new business. And there is definitely a perception not wanting to rock the boat. I think other jurisdictions, which they can speak to, are, I guess, a bit hungrier to try and bring into that market share. Yeah. I mean, I think back to the sovereign individual, the book from 1999, kind of the precursor to the network state. And one of the key points in that book is that countries are going to have to compete over people and business. The more digital the world gets, the more it doesn't matter where you base your company or where you live, the more jurisdictions will have to compete. But I think for the Marshall Islands, there's actually an even stronger driving force between the desire to innovate, which is climate scientists from the United Nations who were in the Marshall Islands last week at the same time that I was are predicting that parts of the Marshall Islands could be underwater by 2040, large parts of the Marshall Islands. Now, I personally think that's a little bit aggressive, but serious people are suggesting that the Marshall Islands might need $7 to $10 billion just to build up seawalls, build up land to retain their landmass. And they don't have much of it. And the Marshall Islands has a total landmass the size of Washington, D.C., spread over like 1,000 square miles of ocean. And so they have a necessity to try to innovate and find revenue streams. And whether it's crypto or somewhere else, they will take action to try to save their country. People are coming around with grants of $20 million, $30 million. No one's coming around with grants of $100 million, let alone a billion dollars. So they have to innovate. And just your question about relationships with regulators, aside from the internal Marshall Islands regulators and government, we work with the IMF and the Asian Pacific Development Bank in particular. And then we have a consultant who engages with folks in the United States just to try to make sure that what we're doing, it doesn't throw up any major red flags, right? They're still scared of it. The IMF actually said in a recent report, the two greatest threats to the Marshall Islands are climate change and dows. And you can imagine the people in the Marshall Islands are like, no, we need the dows because of the climate change. But so we try to do things in a way that fits with an international regulatory framework, but we have to innovate. Yeah, maybe I can add that one of the reasons behind the MECA, or my has, I was saying, is of course to attract people, project from the US. That was very, very clear in the idea of the European Union Commission to try to attract project technology into Europe and to offer a legal framework in one of the big, let's say, Western political entities because of course came a Marshall Island a little bit small, sorry. On the other hand, I would say a lot of the institutional sectors in Europe, the central bank, the big chunk of the parliament, they don't really like crypto. What you can see, what Keri Gensler can say here in the US, you can find similar words from people that are in the board of the European Central Bank. So really, but behind MECA there was this idea of attracting project technology. So there was on a different scale a kind of competition. Just one or two more questions. Hey, I wanted to know about the other, like I've heard from Singapore is a good second backup option for many projects and Dubai, people feel like the people are just trying to get their claws into projects. So it's kind of like enter into Dubai register, it's free, it's taxed, and then they might extract their pound of flesh later. But I've not heard much in the panel about Singapore and Dubai in particular. So I was wondering how those fare up. Yeah, sure. I've got clients that are structured in those jurisdictions and I think bits and pieces of the business, you break it all up. There's development teams, there's token issuer groups, there's DAO structures around some of the governance mechanisms. There's literally where people want to live. And so there is an element of jurisdictional arbitrage. There's an element of tax efficiency. There's an element of the social elements of where do some of these people actually want to put down their flag. I think I've got clients based in Singapore. If they're physically there, then obviously that's home for them. It makes perfect sense. I think there's been a shift in the regulator, the MAS in Singapore has become much more hostile than they would have been two or three years ago. And so there's been joiners that move to Singapore and they're like, what the hell? This isn't quite what I bargained for and they're dialing it back. And there's people in this room that can speak to the Dubai UAE experience. It is very different from the outside looking into the inside. You know what I mean. That the user experience isn't quite as smooth and as slick as you want it to be. And it goes to the earlier point about just a global marketplace, right? People trying to attract talent, trying to attract skill, trying to attract revenue in this digital world, like they're saying, it makes perfect sense. Just briefly I'll say that I know that a lot of our prospects are looking for a strong, reliable democratic government that they don't expect is going to flip flop or do anything untoward. And I've heard people bring up Dubai and Singapore, but I don't know anything specifically about them. I don't know anything about really Singapore, but I have a direct experience about the UAE and I can tell you that it's kind of a no way at the moment, the UAE, because basically there is a new law which not even in Dubai, but the entire UAE, which requires an authorization unless you establish a company in Abu Dhabi global market or Dubai DIFC, which costs a lot of money. So if you don't are in those two special economic zones, you need to have this authorization from this, I don't remember exactly, this general UAE financial authority is quite complicated because so it's kind of not a good option at the moment. All right, one more question. A handful of the network states that are kind of in development have signaled that they're interested in being a hub to build businesses and entities. Is there any semblance of case law or any idea about how it evolved if someone incorporated or created an entity based at a network state? I mean, it depends if you're talking about like Prospera, which is part of Honduras, right, comes from a real sovereign nation or even the Catawba tribe in the United States or as part of the United States and has similar rights as states do versus like maybe like the Borg of the future that sovereign in its own right. It's just not going to give you the same capabilities today as a sovereign nation. I kind of feel like the network state movement is like starting with communities and trying to move towards real sovereignty. And I think a lot of what we're doing in folks in this room, we're starting with sovereignty and seeing how far we can move up towards like digital, towards DAOs, towards Borgs, but we've got a ways to go to meet in the middle. One more for you to look quick. Thank you, Turesh. I had a very quick question. Obviously, regulatory certainty around the securities risk of tokens is important for people when they're structuring, but taxes has come hot on its heels. And Jason had some comments before about, you know, when you have an American involved in the mix that it can create problems. And I apologize, it's more a question for the, I suppose, Cayman and Marshall Islands, particularly with the Marshall Islands down, not having anyone there. I certainly know with my Australian clients, we have a central management and control test. So I was just wondering if you and perhaps John, I could speak briefly to how you're seeing clients manage those issues in their home jurisdictions around tax because they presumably don't want to pay tax on token sales. In the Marshall Islands, a gross majority of our DAOs so far are nonprofits. And so I'd say that's probably a key thing to consider for the for-profits because it's an LLC. First of all, there is a revenue tax from the Marshall Islands, a 3% gross revenue tax. And there's expectation of pass-through taxes in every jurisdiction where people live, if that jurisdiction has such a tax. And I wouldn't say we've really seen like a perfect or great model that we can recommend to try to avoid those taxes or those issues. I think in the case of the nonprofit, you can hire a nominee who's a local person if you want to to help put some more kind of nexus or weight in the Marshall Islands. Yeah. I think for us, it's certainly an issue that comes up on every transaction. I don't have local clients that were born and raised in the Cayman Islands that don't have to think about tax. And so for every client, and I've, again, worked with a lot of people in this room around these points, the mind management control, these are old school things, right? This is nothing new. We haven't recreated some fresh problem. This is legacy issues that the tax system, it hasn't caught up with the way that the world's become more of a digital economy and the way these structures are, that you can move things around. And like the mobility of people, but let alone technology, they're still applying those old mind management control laws around that. And whether it's in Canada, the UK, the US, Australia, take your pick, I find it bizarre that I've been asked to speak on international tax panels being a lawyer in the Cayman Islands where there is no tax. And it's because I've been on those calls. I've spent no disrespect to the Jason Schortzes of the world, a lot of time on tax calls with tax lawyers all over the world. And I get what those jurisdictions are trying to do. They're like, what the hell? If you're going to have someone driving the bus from our jurisdiction, I don't care that you've got a bus that was incorporated in the Cayman Islands. You've driven it home to our jurisdiction. That's where the revenue comes from. Yes, there's been industries that have kind of grown up out of that to try and separate development teams from the mind management control around that. Some do it better than others. Other times you get founders that can't take their finger off the pulse, that insist on being on some of these boards or insist on having God-like powers above them. And it's, it's going to blow up. You know, that's not a good structure. Genuine separation between these things on the for-profit side, on the token issuer side, on the product, on the protocol, et cetera. Trying to respect these boxes. You know, lawyers can do a great job of separating them, but when clients then run off and operate them totally inconsistent with that, you know, they cry to me afterwards and I'm like, well, I'll say you probably, right? This isn't, I didn't, I didn't create this mess. You didn't run it the right way. Well, thank you very much to Paolo and Adam and to Jonathan.